README.md, before:

# GitHub Repo Watcher Widget

This is a more advanced iOS16+ widget project to learn how to create a widget which relies on network calls to update its content.

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-16+-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.swift.org/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.7.1-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftUI-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=black" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/xcode">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-14.1-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://mastodon.green/@simonberner">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contact-@simonberner-orange?style=for-the-badge" alt="mastodon.green/@simonberner" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://gitmoji.dev">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Gitmoji">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/conventional-commits/conventionalcommits.org">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-📝-lightgrey.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Conventional Commits">
    </a>
    <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-black.svg?style=for-the-badge" />
    </a>
</p>

## Functionality

## Tech Stack
- Xcode 14.1
- Swift 5.7.1

## Frameworks
- SwiftUI
- WidgetKit

## Device Compatibility
- iPhone >= iOS16+
- iPad >= iOS16+

## Screenshot

## Learnings
- AsyncImage is not working for widgets.
- To chose good useful information to show to a user of a widget is fundamental. A good widget has to show to a user:
    - Glanceable UI Elements
    - Graphical attractive data
    - Quick information
- Point of contention: Apple recommends giving a Widget some placeholder (mock data) to show it in the Widget Gallery instead of doing any network calls.
(Note: Twitch does network calls in getSnapshot, but probably because of some business reasons)
- Normally there are no error alerts shown to a user in a widget.
    - But there are cases where it makes sense to tell the user an issue (eg. 'Sign in with Google').
    - How you handle errors in Widgets is a unique product decision.
    - To make our lives as developer easier, add log/print statements for debugging errors.
    
## GitHub API
- [Get a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/repos/repos#get-a-repository)

## Credits
🙏🏽 Sean Allen

Commit message:

doc: :memo: add widget1 screenshot

README.md, after:

# GitHub Repo Watcher Widget

This is a more advanced iOS16+ widget project to learn how to create a widget which relies on network calls to update its content.

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-16+-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.swift.org/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.7.1-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftUI-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=black" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/xcode">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-14.1-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://mastodon.green/@simonberner">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contact-@simonberner-orange?style=for-the-badge" alt="mastodon.green/@simonberner" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://gitmoji.dev">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Gitmoji">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/conventional-commits/conventionalcommits.org">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-📝-lightgrey.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Conventional Commits">
    </a>
    <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-black.svg?style=for-the-badge" />
    </a>
</p>

## Functionality

## Tech Stack
- Xcode 14.1
- Swift 5.7.1

## Frameworks
- SwiftUI
- WidgetKit

## Device Compatibility
- iPhone >= iOS16+
- iPad >= iOS16+

## Screenshot
Medium sized Widget:

![Widget1](Widget1.png)

## Learnings
- AsyncImage is not working for widgets.
- To chose good useful information to show to a user of a widget is fundamental. A good widget has to show to a user:
    - Glanceable UI Elements
    - Graphical attractive data
    - Quick information
- Point of contention: Apple recommends giving a Widget some placeholder (mock data) to show it in the Widget Gallery instead of doing any network calls.
(Note: Twitch does network calls in getSnapshot, but probably because of some business reasons)
- Normally there are no error alerts shown to a user in a widget.
    - But there are cases where it makes sense to tell the user an issue (eg. 'Sign in with Google').
    - How you handle errors in Widgets is a unique product decision.
    - To make our lives as developer easier, add log/print statements for debugging errors.
- Network calls:
    - A successive network call is a network call that relies on a parent network call
    
## GitHub API
- [Get a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/repos/repos#get-a-repository)

## Credits
🙏🏽 Sean Allen
